Oh today we're going to make a simple
spaghetti carbonara difference me was
requested by Matilda Coby note oh sorry
if I pronounced that wrong thank you for
sending us the recipe we tweaked it a
little bit but we hope that we didn't
Forge it up too much so without further
ado we hope you will enjoy this episode
the ingredients for this recipe are
enough pasta for two people a good
handful of Parmesan cheese two eggs a
good handful of chopped parsley we're
going to use about 150 grams of bacon
originally people use pancetta but it's
sometimes quite hard to find so we're
going to use bacon and some peppers
first of all we're going to make the
sauce take a bowl and crack your eggs
into it then just whisk them up add your
cheese and season it with some pepper it
can be a quite good amount because the
pepper is quite important in your sauce
and now whisk it all up and there you go
this is your sauce cook up your pasta
and some boiling salted water in the
meanwhile take a pan and put some olive
oil in there not too much and let it get
hot add your bacon and let it fry until
it's all crispy as you can see the bacon
is nice and crispy and any meanwhile the
past is ready so it's time to add the
pasta to the bacon so add your pasta to
the bacon with a little bit of your
water and give it a good stir alright
now it's time to add the sauce add your
sauce in there
and just keep on stirring until
everything is coated
and finally to finished off add some
parsley give it a good stir I wanna do
to taste this hmm
very delicious that's a bruise and there
you go this is the final result
this recipe will feed about two people
and it's very easy and you don't need
many ingredients to make this delicious
and quite simple dish if you have the
right technique and once again if you
like this video you can go ahead and
subscribe to us we post a video every
Wednesday and a casual video on Fridays
where we do some random things like
challenges it's lots of fun then you
should check it out see you next week
why